README.md, before:

Example applications built using [Exograph](https://exograph.dev).

# Todo applications with Exograph

## Simple Todo Web Application without Authentication

A single-user todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend

[Source Code](todo-with-nextjs), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/evolving-access-control)

## Multi-user Todo Web Application with Clerk Authentication

A multi-user todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend
- [Clerk](https://clerk.com) for authentication

[Source Code](todo-with-nextjs-clerk-auth), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/exograph-clerk)

## Multi-user Todo Web Application with Google Authentication

A multi-user todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend
- [Google Identity](https://developers.google.com/identity) for authentication

[Source Code](todo-with-nextjs-google-auth), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/evolving-access-control)

# Others

## Mercury Retrograde Access Control

A fun little exercise to illustrate Exograph's flexible access control

[Source Code](retrograde-mercury-access-control), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/retrograde-mercury)

Commit message:

Implement an Auth0 example
* Add Auth0 todo example
* Add Auth0 example to the top level README
* Update READMEs to use EXO_OIDC_URL env

README.md, after:

Example applications built using [Exograph](https://exograph.dev).

# Todo applications with Exograph

## Simple Todo Web Application without Authentication

A single-user todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend

[Source Code](todo-with-nextjs), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/evolving-access-control)

## Multi-user Todo Web Application with Clerk Authentication

A multi-user todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend
- [Clerk](https://clerk.com) for authentication

[Source Code](todo-with-nextjs-clerk-auth), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/exograph-clerk)

## Multi-user Todo Web Application with Auth0 Authentication

A multi-user todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend
- [Auth0](https://auth0.com) for authentication

[Source Code](todo-with-nextjs-auth0-auth), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/exograph-auth0)

## Multi-user Todo Web Application with Google Authentication

A multi-user todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend
- [Google Identity](https://developers.google.com/identity) for authentication

[Source Code](todo-with-nextjs-google-auth), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/evolving-access-control)

# Others

## Mercury Retrograde Access Control

A fun little exercise to illustrate Exograph's flexible access control

[Source Code](retrograde-mercury-access-control), [Blog Post](https://exograph.dev/blog/retrograde-mercury)
