todo-with-nextjs-google-auth/README.md, before:

# Multi-User Todo Web Application

This is a todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend
- [Google Identity](https://developers.google.com/identity) for authentication

## Prerequisites

### Backend Requirements

Before setting up the backend, make sure you have the following:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev/docs/getting-started#install-exograph)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) or [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

### Frontend Requirements

For the frontend, ensure you have:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

You'll also need to create a Google API Client ID by following these [instructions](https://developers.google.com/identity/gsi/web/guides/get-google-api-clientid).

Once you have your Google API Client ID, copy the `,env.local.example` file to `.env.local` in the web directory. Then, update the NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ID variable with your Google API Client ID.

## Running the application

Clone this repository to your local machine and navigate to the root directory.

### Backend

1. Open a terminal window and navigate to the `api` directory:

```bash
cd api
```

#### Yolo mode

Initially, you can run the GraphQL server in yolo mode by running the following command:

```bash
exo yolo
```

#### Development mode

Alternatively, you can run the GraphQL server in development mode by running the following commands:

```bash
createdb todo-db
exo schema create | psql todo-db
exo dev
```

### Frontend

Open a new terminal window and run the following commands:

```bash
cd web
npm install
npm run generate
npm run dev
```

You can now access the application in your browser at http://localhost:3000. You can sign in with your Google account and start creating todos!

Commit message:

Simplified instructions
- Remove README.md from web folder
- Show only yolo mode and add instructions for dev mode and production deployment
- Add a "pre" script to run codegen before dev mode

todo-with-nextjs-google-auth/README.md, after:

# Todo Web Application with Authentication

A todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend
- [Google Identity](https://developers.google.com/identity) for authentication

## Prerequisites

### Backend Requirements

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev/docs/getting-started#install-exograph)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) or [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

### Frontend Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

You'll also need to create a Google API Client ID by following these [instructions](https://developers.google.com/identity/gsi/web/guides/get-google-api-clientid).

Once you have your Google API Client ID, copy the `.env.local.example` file to `.env.local` in the web directory. Then, update the `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ID` variable with that ID.

## Running the application

Clone this repository to your local machine and navigate to the root directory.

### Backend

Open a new terminal window and run the following commands:

```bash
cd api
exo yolo
```

### Frontend

Open a new terminal window and run the following commands:

```bash
cd web
npm install
npm run dev
```

You can now access the application in your browser at http://localhost:3000. You can sign in with your Google account and start creating todos!

## Next steps

- [Explore the development mode](https://exograph.dev/docs/application-tutorial/local-server). Yolo mode used so far is great for getting started, but if you had to restart the server, you would lose all your data. Development mode allows you to persist your data between restarts.
- [Deploy your application](https://exograph.dev/docs/deployment/). Once you are happy with your application, you can deploy it to any cloud provider supporting Docker containers. You can also deploy it to AWS Lambda.
