todo-with-nextjs/README.md, before:

# Simple Todo Web Application

This is a todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend

## Prerequisites

### Backend Requirements

Before setting up the backend, make sure you have the following:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev/docs/getting-started#install-exograph)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) or [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

### Frontend Requirements

For the frontend, ensure you have:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

## Running the application

Clone this repository to your local machine and navigate to the root directory.

### Backend

1. Open a terminal window and navigate to the `api` directory:

```bash
cd api
```

#### Yolo mode

Initially, you can run the GraphQL server in yolo mode by running the following command:

```bash
exo yolo
```

#### Development mode

Alternatively, you can run the GraphQL server in development mode by running the following commands:

```bash
createdb todo-db
exo schema create | psql todo-db
exo dev
```

### Frontend

Open a new terminal window and run the following commands:

```bash
cd web
npm install
npm run generate
npm run dev
```

You can now access the application in your browser at http://localhost:3000 and start creating todos!

Commit message:

Simplified instructions
- Remove README.md from web folder
- Show only yolo mode and add instructions for dev mode and production deployment
- Add a "pre" script to run codegen before dev mode

todo-with-nextjs/README.md, after:

# Simple Todo Web Application

A todo application that uses the following technologies:

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev) for the backend
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) for the frontend

## Prerequisites

### Backend Requirements

- [Exograph](https://exograph.dev/docs/getting-started#install-exograph)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) or [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

### Frontend Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

## Running the application

Clone this repository to your local machine and navigate to the root directory.

### Backend

Open a terminal window and run the following commands:

```bash
cd api
exo yolo
```

### Frontend

Open a new terminal window and run the following commands:

```bash
cd web
npm install
npm run dev
```

You can now access the application in your browser at http://localhost:3000 and start creating todos!

## Next steps

- [Explore the development mode](https://exograph.dev/docs/application-tutorial/local-server). Yolo mode used so far is great for getting started, but if you had to restart the server, you would lose all your data. Development mode allows you to persist your data between restarts.
- [Deploy your application](https://exograph.dev/docs/deployment/). Once you are happy with your application, you can deploy it to any cloud provider supporting Docker containers. You can also deploy it to AWS Lambda.
